clarify leeway 0 does not mean token cannot be reused at all (#3309)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/apps/index.md

}
```

### Refresh token object

Determines the refresh token rotation configuration for the OAuth 2.0 client.

| Property                   | Description                                                       | DataType | Nullable |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- |
| rotation_type              | The refresh token rotation mode for the OAuth 2.0 client          | `STATIC` or `ROTATE` | FALSE |

> | leeway                     | The leeway allowed for the OAuth 2.0 client. After the refresh token is rotated, the previous token remains valid for the configured amount of time to allow clients to get the new token.                                           | Number               | TRUE |

Author: @IanHakes-okta leeway is in seconds. I updated the PR to indicate this.

* When you create or update an OAuth 2.0 client, you can configure refresh token rotation by setting the `rotation_type` and `leeway` properties within the `refresh_token` object. If you don't set these properties, the default values are used when you create an app and your previously configured values are used when you update an app.

* The default `rotation_type` value is `ROTATE` for Single-Page Applications (SPAs). For all other clients, the default is `STATIC`.

* The `rotation_type` property is required if the request contains the `refresh_token` object.

* The `leeway` property value can be between 0 and 60. The default value is `30`.

```json
{
  "refresh_token": {
    "rotation_type": "ROTATE",
    "leeway": "20"
  }
}
```

> > **Note:** A leeway of 0 does not necessarily mean that the previous token is immediately invalidated. There is still a minimal window where the previous token can be reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** A leeway of 0 does not necessarily mean that the previous token is immediately invalidated. The previous token is invalidated after the new token is generated and returned in the response. There is still a short period of time where the previous token can be reused.
```
